[Az.RecoveryServices.backup] Added support for TVM backup and Enhanced IaasVM policy (#17589)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/RecoveryServices/RecoveryServices/ChangeLog.md

        - Additional information about change #1
-->
## Upcoming Release

> * Azure Backup added support for Trusted VM backup and Enhanced policy for WorkloadType AzureVM.
> * Added support for disable hybrid backup security features in Set-AzRecoveryServicesVaultProperty cmdlet, can be re-enabled by setting DisableHybridBackupSecurityFeature flag to $false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for Trusted VM backup and Enhanced policy for WorkloadType AzureVM.
* Added support for disabling hybrid backup security features in `Set-AzRecoveryServicesVaultProperty` cmdlet. The feature can be re-enabled by setting `DisableHybridBackupSecurityFeature` flag to $false.
```
